One-click remediation documentation (#24722)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_analysis/static_analysis/_index.md

{{< /whatsnext >}}

### Source code management

> {{< whatsnext desc="During code reviews on GitHub, Datadog can automatically flag Static Analysis violations in pull requests via in-line review comments on the relevant line(s) of code, along with suggested fixes (when applicable) that can be applied directly in the pull request. You can also open a pull request directly from Datadog to fix a vulnerability or quality issue." >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< whatsnext desc="During code reviews on GitHub, Datadog can automatically flag Static Analysis violations in pull requests via inline review comments on the relevant line(s) of code, along with suggested fixes (when applicable) that can be applied directly in the pull request. You can also open a pull request directly from Datadog to fix a vulnerability or quality issue." >}}
```

*AI Suggested Fixes:*
{{< img src="code_analysis/static_analysis/static-analysis-ai-fix.png" alt="Visual indicator of an AI static analysis suggested fix" style="width:60%;">}}

### Fixing a vulnerability or quality issue directly from Datadog
{{< img src="ci/sast_one_click_light.png" alt="Example of one-click remediation for Code Analysis" style="width:90%;" >}}

You can push a code change to fix an issue found by Code Analysis directly from a result in Datadog in two ways.

#### Opening a pull request 

> If the **Pull Requests** permission for your GitHub app is set to **Read & Write**, one-click remediation will be available for all Static Analysis findings where a suggested fix is available. See [this page][10] to learn how to set up the GitHub integration. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your GitHub app's **Pull Requests** permission is set to **Read & Write**, one-click remediation is enabled for all Static Analysis findings with an available suggested fix. For more information about setting up the GitHub integration, see [GitHub Pull Requests][10]. 
```

> To fix a vulnerability by opening a pull request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix a vulnerability by opening a pull request, follow these steps:
```

1. View a specific result in Code Analysis.
2. Click **Fix Violation** in the side panel of the result. 
3. Select **Open a Pull Request**.
4. Enter a pull request title and commit message.
5. Click **Create PR**.

#### Committing directly to the current branch

> You can also fix a vulnerability by committing directly to the branch the result was found on. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also fix a vulnerability by committing directly to the branch the result was found on. 

To commit a suggested fix:

1. View a specific result in Code Analysis.
2. Click **Fix Violation** in the side panel of the result.
3. Click **Commit to current branch**.
```
